“Never be afraid to try something new because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know.” ~ Anonymous
“I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You’re doing things you’ve never done before, and more importantly, you’re doing something.” Neil Gailman
“Make a habit of trying new things.” – Anonymous
“Life is about taking chances, trying new things, having fun, making mistakes and learning from it.” – Anonymous
“I’m always trying new things and learning new things.” – Morgan Freeman
“Unless you open yourself up to trying new things, you can’t find what you love.” – Anonymous
“All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.” – Theodore Levitt
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” Eleanor Roosevelt
“Try new things and discover yourself every single day.” – Bhavya Choudhary
“You will have to experiment and try things out for yourself and you will not be sure of what you are doing. That’s alright, you are feeling your way into the thing.” – Emily Carr
“You don’t need to have everything figured out. Try new things. Experiment. Mess up. Start over.” – Anonymous
“Don’t be afraid to try new things. They aren’t all going to work, but when you find the one that does, you’re going to be so proud of yourself for trying.” – Anonymous
“I like the challenge of trying different things and wondering whether it’s going to work or whether I’m going to fall flat on my face” –
“I’ve always wanted to try new things because it’s exciting and it keeps you active and alive.” – Robert Redford
“Try new things everyday. Don’t be afraid of failures. You will not lose anything. But your brain will be packed with experiences.” Akash Ryan Agarwal
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” Neale Donald Walsch
“In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take.” – Anonymous
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.” Roy T. Bennett
“I like to challenge myself and I like to try new things.” – Jessica Lucas
